### Measurement results

The *dataset.mat* file contains the measurement results of all participants, saved as a MATLAB/Python structure. Each row of the *results* structure contains the results of each participant, with rows 1-15 corresponding to oNH subjects (oNH 01-15) and rows 16-31 to yNH subjects (yNH 01-16). For each participant, the first column corresponds to the respective subject code (oNH or yNH followed by the respective number), and the next two columns to the age and the gender of the participant. The remaining columns include the measured audiometric thresholds, EFRs, AM detection thresholds, SRTs, and word-recognition scores of each participant. 

**Audiometric thresholds:**
The *audiogram* column contains the measured audiometric thresholds of each participant, with the *thresholds* array corresponding to the measured audiometric thresholds at the respective frequencies given by the *frequencies* array. The hearing threshold at 4 kHz and the average extended-high-frequency (EHF) hearing thresholds (10-16 kHz) are also given for each participant. The *HI* column is used to indicate whether the subject had any thresholds > 20 dB hearing-loss (HL) for frequencies up to 4 kHz (oNH subjects tagged by a darker colour in the paper). 

**Envelope-following responses:**
The *EFR* column contains the EFR results of each participant for the 6 stimuli indicated in the *condition* array. The *opts* struct contains the parameters that were used to analyse the EFRs (see *EFR_analysis* folder) for each stimulus, with the *freq* and *time* arrays corresponding to the frequency and time dimensions of the EFR results. The *nepochs* array indicates the number of epochs *n<sub>e</sub>* that were preserved for each stimulus after epoch rejection, using a dynamic median threshold (*threshold*). The *EFR_freq* and *EFR_time* arrays correspond to the frequency and time representations of the derived EFRs for each stimulus, respectively, averaged across trials. Correspondingly, the *EFR_freq_bootstrapped* and *EFR_time_bootstrapped* correspond to the frequency and time representations of the average EFRs after bootstrapping. Finally, the *EFRsummed_bootstrapped* and *EFRsummed_bootstrapped_std* contain the mean and standard deviation of the summed EFR magnitudes (*EFR<sub>summed</sub>*), computed from the bootstrapped EFR spectra.

**AM detection thresholds:**
The *AM_detection* column contains the AM detection thresholds of each participant for the 4 measured conditions. The conditions are indicated in the *condition* field, where 1333 corresponds to the unprocessed condition and the remaining to the 13,0,0m, 10,0,0m and 7,0,0m processed conditions, respectively. For each condition, the final AM detection thresholds are given in *trials_mean*, averaged across the three measured trials (*trials*). 

**Speech-recognition thresholds:**
The *SRT* column corresponds to the measured SRTs of each participant for the unprocessed condition. For each participant, the SRTs in broadband (BB) and high-pass (HP) filtered speech were measured twice, using a different double list (20 sentences) of the Flemish Matrix test (*list*) each time, with the measuring order indicated in *condition_speech*. The final SRT values (*trials_mean_last6*) were computed from the last 6 reversals of each SRT measurement, with all the trials given in *trials*. Only the second SRT value of each condition (BB and HP) was considered in our results, to account for the training effect of the test.
Similarly, the *SRT_processed* column corresponds to the measured SRTs of each participant for the 13,0,0m-ref processing condition. For this measurement, the SRTs in BB and HP filtered speech were measured once for each participant, with the final SRT values of the two speech types (*condition_speech*) given in *trials_mean_last6*.

**Word-recognition scores:**
The *WRS* column corresponds to the average word-recognition scores of each participant, measured for 5 processing conditions at 3 SNRs of BB and 3 SNRs of HP-filtered speech. For each participant, the 6 SNR levels are given in *condition_SNR* and correspond to the individual SRTs in BB and HP speech, as well as to 3 dB above and 3 dB below the estimated SRTs. The corresponding speech types for each SNR (*condition_SNR*) are given in *condition_speech*. 5 processing conditions (*condition*) were measured for each SNR condition (unprocessed, 13,0,0m-ref, 13,0,0, 13,0,0m, 10,0,0m), resulting in a 6 x 5 matrix that contains the percent scores of each participant (*trials*). Each element of the *trials* matrix corresponds to the word-recognition scores of 12 measured sentences for the respective SNR (1st dimension) and processing condition (2nd dimension), respectively. Finally, the mean and standard devation of the WRS of each participant were computed from the 12 measured scores and are given in the arrays *trials_mean* and *trials_std*, respectively.

